Along with rock, rock my son out here, his first wood duck that he got very, uh,
with much effort and we have that wood duck mounted. There's a,
there's a love affair with our instinctual stewardship
duties to the wildlife, to harvest the surplus,
to make room for next Springs productivity,
because there's going to be more animals, but there's not gonna be more habitat.
Hence sustained yield, successful wildlife management model.
That is so perfect.
It defies criticism unless you're a lion sack of.
Have you ever had to.
Have a reasonable conversation with someone who's anti-hunting you ever like SA
often? Yeah.
Often. Absolutely. And, and to the, an woman and I mean,
adamant vegan until I explain to him, well, vegan, I like that vegan.
Vegan.
Whatever it is, vegan vegan,
I can't even pronounce much less bar comes outta your mouth. Figure it out.
<laugh> very so stupid. But by the way,
my son Raco mm-hmm <affirmative> who I love beyond description. Yep. Vegan. No.
Yes. He has. Looks like he needs to eat more. Yeah. Well actually I,
when he is asleep, I try to shove up backstrap up his,
but he's got more muscles than I do. Anyhow. My point is,
is that, how did that, how, how did he become vegan? He hasn't, he has a,
and he has a great hunter. He doesn't like to hunt anymore.
He's decided not to he's uh, killed great deer. Great hogs.
I've seen him on your TV show ducks. Yeah, he's a great hunter,
but he Des he decided he does not wanna take part in the harvest.
I respect it completely, but good for you.
If you really wanna kill the most things,
be a vegan because the farmers who protect your beans,
kill everything. I kill one animal per arrow. In order to grow tofu,
you have to kill every ground squirrel. Every vol, every Shrew, every snake,
every turtle, every frog, every bird, every rabbit,
anything that gets in that bean field, I'm either gonna plow and dismember,
which is why the crows and the, and the Seago follow the, the, uh, the combines,
the combines every year. And then if anything does survive my first slaughter,
I'm gonna come in with mans Santo and poison the outta everything.
So you can have a tofu salad and not be responsible for any death.
You. That's a really good point. And it's a point that a lot of people.
Ignore and, and avoid because it's, it's uncommon. Yeah.
Isn't life full of uncoming thing.
And you shouldn't be uncomfortable to kill game to feed.
Mankind is perfect to kill cows and pigs
to feed mankind. It's the system is often less than perfect,
but until someone comes up with a better system,
I salute and genic at the altar of farmers and ranchers and people
who kill animals to sustain my fellow. Man.
I agree with you.
I think you and I would probably both disagree with factory farming when you see
animals stuffed in the cages.
But we have to come up with a better system. I kill a lot of beer and I,
I feed more people than any, any hunter ever. I kill so many,
much game every year. Cause I have to, I have to, I know, hire sharp shooters.
I, I, I kill the animals on my beautiful swamp in Michigan,
on my Texas property that have to die. They have to get out of there,
take room for the next year's Fonds. So I soup kitchens, homeless.
I literally give tons. And, and I'm a sweetheart, but I'm not an idiot.
I keep the backstraps,
but I give tons of venison to soup kitchens and homeless shelters and veterans.
We make jerky and send it over to the troops overseas. I mean, I,
I have to adjust my Hailer just to get in the room.
So what I do is literally perfect.
Well, the problem is what you do, everybody can't do,
like everybody's not gonna have your kind of land.
More people could though more people could. Yes. Well, you, you definitely,
I know the hundreds for the hungry distribute, uh, ton.
250, 200 50 million Joe,
250 million meals every year of venison.
And there are people that would ban that shame on you.
Well, I do.
I just think there's a lot of films and a lot of documentaries that portray
veganism as being this perfect way of living that doesn't have any death or any
you're right. Habitat loss associated with it.
And then they look at the extreme of meat eating, which is the,
the worst aspects of it. Factory farming,
some of these disgusting pig farms and chicken pharmacy. Oh, disgusting,
horrible.
Horrified.
And they're the upgrade goes on because more alarms have been sounded not by
paid and not by the humane society of the United States.
They're just scam artists by people who are coming to
realize that we do not only have a re responsibility to kill critters,
to feed mankind,
but it can be done in an environmentally beneficial way. I mean,
if you watch my great late friend,
Anthony Bourdain on his shows and Andrew Zimer on the travel channel,
you watch their shows and the emphasis us on environmentally
friendly productivity, more and more organic farming,
more and more conscientious waste dispersal, whether it's, you know, pig guts,
and they re utilize those or in Las Vegas,
they get all this wasted food and they feed the pig. So it's good food going in.
The pork tastes better. So there is upgrade taking place.
And here's the ultimate inescapable fact of upgrade environmentalism.
When I was growing up,
Joe lake EIE would catch fire because of the
pollution. It wasn't environmentalists or Greenies that sounded the alarm.
It was the duck hunters that said your pollutant. This area is so bad.
There's no ducks. There's no wild salary. There's no wall. There's no fish.
There's no muskrats for the trappers hunters,
fishermen and trappers have sounded the alarm more often than not about
environmental IR responsibility.
And now lake area that would spontaneously combust when I was growing up
is now the number one walleye and small mouth bass fishery in the world.
And it's still, we're still producing.
You've still got the industrial evolution going on there, but conscientious,
higher responsible level of awareness is spreading like
wildfire across the country.
And I believe that there's no mutual exclusivity whatsoever to
productivity and environmental responsibility.
I believe that they both benefit each other.
And I've got so many UN unlimited examples where that's worked from farms.
I mean,
people who live down wind of a P big farm are gonna be the biggest
squaws rightly so. Yeah. And,
and so I see a lot of upgrade going on more organic, more conscientious,
less waste. It's not, um, it's not as, uh,
regular operating procedures. It should be, but I see upgrade.
I think, I think you're right. And I think that the,
the thought process behind all these people that are upset about factory
farming, people, even that go vegan,
the thought process is behind it is in the right place.
I just think there's a lot of misguided energy there because they don't really
understand where the food is coming from.
They don't understand large scale agriculture. They don't understand when you,
and a lot of large scale agriculture is to grow food,
to feed animals that people essential. Yeah. Yeah. But it's also wheat.
There's also a lot of grain that people consume and that displaces
thousands and thousands of acres of animals. Sure. And the,
the process is not a clean process. It's not clean in,
in terms of there's no death, there's no harm. Yeah. It's cruelty free.
That's crazy.
If you can possibly go through a day without having blood on your hands,
do you drive on the highways?
Does any of your sustenance come on the highways because billions
of animals are slaughtered on the highways every day.
And if you are on planet earth, part of that blood is on your hands.
You gotta be who doesn't know this. Who's not willing to admit this, but again,
I see an upgrade in level of where earnest and responsibility, but the,
the charge began in the hunting, fishing and trapping community, because agree,
where does, where does quality air, soil and water come from?
I'll go ahead and answer that wildlife habitat.
Well,
it's a lot of the people that are out there every day that really recognize it.
Yeah. And more and more. I, you know, I used to,
I still get death threats because I murder innocent animals. <laugh> yeah.
I didn't put no, I get those too.
What the hell? So it's just so.
Absurd, but I think their, their heart like the right Don place,
I don't know what they're talking about. No.
They're just haters. They're just a little bit of that too. How, how in 2018,
do you not acknowledge barbecue? <laugh> how in 2018,
do you not acknowledge? There's a few dead turkeys on Thanksgiving. What,
I mean, you gotta be brain dead.
I think they're so consumed with hate that they fight ignorance is acceptable.
I'm ignorant. When I go to the Indy 500, I couldn't tune a Cogsworth. I don't,
I'm ignorant about CO's worth ignorance is acceptable because you can remedy it
with knowledge and, and research. Stupidity is when you guard your ignorance.
If you think that we're murdering innocent animals to feed our families
with the purest protein available to mankind,
balancing the herds with more dear, more elk, more bison, more turkeys,
more waterfowl, more cougars, more bears than ever in recorded history,
except for the bison. But we're way back.
We have as many bison as we can sustain in north America.
A lot of the native American tribes are desperate to get more harvested in an
efficient and responsible manner.
So wildlife is thriving because hunters in implemented regulations
for sustained yield. How many ducks can we kill? How many will they reproduce?
Where is their habitat? Where determines their reproduction.
We must safeguard that Delta water file ducks unlimited, but see,
this information is universally available, but the fake news,
academia, Hollywood,
and half of our government is stone cold obsessed
with political correctness and denial. Yeah. So I do what I do.
And our spirit of the wild show has been number one,
an outdoor channel is 29 years now. Wow. I'm getting old. Um,
because we say it like it is.